hi I'm bill came with packer line
websites and I want to tell you a little
bit about Internet help when people
think in the internet a lot of times to
think about websites maybe social media
maybe pay-per-click ads and the problem
is they think it's one strategy here
websites and social media and different
things really it's one ball of strategy
and we want to go over a little bit
what's all included in that ball usually
you hear something called SEO which
stands for search engine optimization
and a lot of people say let's get our
SEO going and what the heck is that
basically there's two ways to be found
on the internet one is organic which the
nice way of saying is free where people
find you when they're looking the other
one is driven which is what you pay for
so if you have good SEO you're going to
rank higher in the standings and be
found free and people will find you a
lot quicker there's two main ways to
having good SEO one is on the website
when you're building your website often
or your keywords mentioned often as your
location mentioned in your services and
is the website a cookie cutter website
or is the one built for what you're
looking at doing other strategies are
called off-site optimization this is how
many links do you have coming in what's
gone Google Places what's on Google Maps
how are people finding you you combine
the tool and that works together as an
optimization strategy our next thing is
analytics whenever you have a goal for
advertising it's nice to track that goal
to see how it's working you can buy a
radio ad and not know whether you're
reaching a hundred people a thousand
people are no people with analytics
it'll tell you how many people are
coming to your website where they live
when they're coming to your website
it'll even tell you what keywords are
using to find your website the great
thing about this is free it's something
that we set up in all our websites and
help to teach people how to use because
if you don't know how your website
strategy is working how can you tell
what's going on our next thing is mobile
websites again this is another strategy
working with your main website the idea
is is that when people use a mobile
device to look at you over half the time
they take instant action why do they use
devices it's handy it's quick they might
have a problem who do I call boom they
hit the dial button it's called mobile
redirects so your website is mobile
friendly typically some of these
websites for mobile redirects are only
one hundred and fifty dollars but they
increase your sales dramatically social
media everybody hears have buzzword
either they know they should be doing
and they don't or their eyes glaze over
there's a lot of strategies with
Facebook and Twitter one's very social
one is business related they each have a
strategy and they're not that difficult
to work with but it's something you need
to be doing another element is
newsletters you may have an email list
already which means you're sending out a
newsletter as an email the advantage of
a newsletter was something like constant
contact is that it only costs about
fifteen dollars a month it looks
professional it tracks the people it
tells you who actually read your
newsletter but what's really exciting
for web builder is when you send a
newsletter it matches your website with
constant contact and all the buttons on
your newsletter work like a website's
you're basically emailing some of your
website when you send them a newsletter
when you're meeting with the designer or
a social media specialist or especially
maybe some of those people that promise
you can be number one on Google you want
to ask how or why and it should be give
you some straight answers how are they
going to help you be better on your
Google Maps what are the strategy is
going to be with newsletters what type
of optimization are they going to do
keep in mind there's good ways of doing
it and bad ways to doing it they're
called white hat and black hat
techniques and if you do the wrong
strategy that will actually put you-
with google and the other search engines
if you'd like to see this video again
see lens I'm com lens I'm will have this
video on your website easy to view and
there's other elements too but those of
your key elements and the key thing to
keep in mind with Internet help this
make sure it stays in one ball they all
complement each other I'm bill came with
parkland websites I'd be more than happy
to talk to you more about this explain
it in more detail and how it works and
that will make you more successful give
you a better
turn on investment thank you I'm bill
came with packer line websites building
winning websites
you